README.md, before:

rd
==

[<img alt="github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-urgau/rd-8da0cb?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=555555&logo=github" height="20">](https://github.com/urgau/rd)
[<img alt="license" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%2BPatent-blue?style=for-the-badge" height="20">](https://github.com/urgau/rd/)
[<img alt="build status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/Urgau/rd/Continuous integration/main?style=for-the-badge" height="20">](https://github.com/urgau/rd/actions?query=branch%3Amain)

This project is a POC/experimental frontend for the [rustdoc json](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/2963-rustdoc-json.html) output format to generate html documentation.

## Demos

 - [nix](https://urgau.github.io/rd/nix/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/nix/0.23.1/nix/))
 - [libc](https://urgau.github.io/rd/libc/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/libc/))
 - [regex](https://urgau.github.io/rd/regex/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/regex/1.5.4/regex/))
 - [rustix](https://urgau.github.io/rd/rustix/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/regex/0.33.0/rustix/))
 - [memchr](https://urgau.github.io/rd/memchr/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/memchr/2.4.1/memchr/))
 - [curl](https://urgau.github.io/rd/curl/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/curl/0.4.42/nix/))
 - [curl-sys](https://urgau.github.io/rd/curl_sys/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/curl-sys/0.4.52+curl-7.81.0/curl_sys/index.html))
 - [openssl-sys](https://urgau.github.io/rd/openssl_sys/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/openssl-sys/))

## Features

- [X] Pretty printing of items (methods, structs, traits, ...)
- [X] Minimal self-contained search engine with index
- [X] Bootstrap 5 html pages
- [X] Syntax highlighting of items
- [X] Navigation between items (even external if available)
- [X] Improved markdown output (similar to rustdoc)
- [X] Table of contents (markdown + items)
- [X] Deprecation notice and attributes filtering
- [X] `cfg` and `doc` printing
- [X] Themes (currently light and black)
- [\] Generation of the global index.html
- [\] Handling of re-export(s) (Mostly done, but links to them won't work)
- [ ] Source code inclusion
- [ ] Options/customization

## Usage

```bash
rd 0.1.0
Commande-line options

USAGE:
    rd [FLAGS] <FILE>... --output <output>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
        --open       Open the generated documentation if successful
    -V, --version    Prints version information
    -v, --verbose    Verbose mode (-v, -vv, -vvv, etc.)

OPTIONS:
    -o, --output <output>    Output directory of html files

ARGS:
    <FILE>...    Rustdoc json input file to process
```

### Generating a rustdoc-json output

Generating the json output format currently requires a nightly toolchain.

```
$ RUSTDOCFLAGS="-Z unstable-options --output-format json" cargo +nightly doc
```

You should see in the `target/doc` directory a file called `MY_CRATE.json`, that's the json rustdoc output. This file will be used by `rd` to generate the documentation.

### Generating the HTML output with rd

```
$ cargo run -- -v --output html/ --open my_crate.json
```

#### License

<sup>
Licensed under the <a href="LICENSE">BSD+Patent</a> license.
</sup>

<br>

<sub>
Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in this crate by you, shall be licensed under the BSD+Patent license
without any additional terms or conditions.
</sub>

Commit message:

Add warning in README about the current brokeness of the project

README.md, after:

rd
==

[<img alt="github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-urgau/rd-8da0cb?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=555555&logo=github" height="20">](https://github.com/urgau/rd)
[<img alt="license" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%2BPatent-blue?style=for-the-badge" height="20">](https://github.com/urgau/rd/)
[<img alt="build status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/Urgau/rd/Continuous integration/main?style=for-the-badge" height="20">](https://github.com/urgau/rd/actions?query=branch%3Amain)

This project is a POC/experimental frontend for the [rustdoc json](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/2963-rustdoc-json.html) output format to generate html documentation.

⚠️ This project is currently broken for newer rustdoc (>=2023)! ⚠️

## Demos

 - [nix](https://urgau.github.io/rd/nix/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/nix/0.23.1/nix/))
 - [libc](https://urgau.github.io/rd/libc/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/libc/))
 - [regex](https://urgau.github.io/rd/regex/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/regex/1.5.4/regex/))
 - [rustix](https://urgau.github.io/rd/rustix/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/regex/0.33.0/rustix/))
 - [memchr](https://urgau.github.io/rd/memchr/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/memchr/2.4.1/memchr/))
 - [curl](https://urgau.github.io/rd/curl/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/curl/0.4.42/nix/))
 - [curl-sys](https://urgau.github.io/rd/curl_sys/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/curl-sys/0.4.52+curl-7.81.0/curl_sys/index.html))
 - [openssl-sys](https://urgau.github.io/rd/openssl_sys/) ([docs.rs](https://docs.rs/openssl-sys/))

## Features

- [X] Pretty printing of items (methods, structs, traits, ...)
- [X] Minimal self-contained search engine with index
- [X] Bootstrap 5 html pages
- [X] Syntax highlighting of items
- [X] Navigation between items (even external if available)
- [X] Improved markdown output (similar to rustdoc)
- [X] Table of contents (markdown + items)
- [X] Deprecation notice and attributes filtering
- [X] `cfg` and `doc` printing
- [X] Themes (currently light and black)
- [\] Generation of the global index.html
- [\] Handling of re-export(s) (Mostly done, but links to them won't work)
- [ ] Source code inclusion
- [ ] Options/customization

## Usage

```bash
rd 0.1.0
Commande-line options

USAGE:
    rd [FLAGS] <FILE>... --output <output>

FLAGS:
    -h, --help       Prints help information
        --open       Open the generated documentation if successful
    -V, --version    Prints version information
    -v, --verbose    Verbose mode (-v, -vv, -vvv, etc.)

OPTIONS:
    -o, --output <output>    Output directory of html files

ARGS:
    <FILE>...    Rustdoc json input file to process
```

### Generating a rustdoc-json output

Generating the json output format currently requires a nightly toolchain.

```
$ RUSTDOCFLAGS="-Z unstable-options --output-format json" cargo +nightly doc
```

You should see in the `target/doc` directory a file called `MY_CRATE.json`, that's the json rustdoc output. This file will be used by `rd` to generate the documentation.

### Generating the HTML output with rd

```
$ cargo run -- -v --output html/ --open my_crate.json
```

#### License

<sup>
Licensed under the <a href="LICENSE">BSD+Patent</a> license.
</sup>

<br>

<sub>
Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in this crate by you, shall be licensed under the BSD+Patent license
without any additional terms or conditions.
</sub>
